This Privacy Policy governs how Nicho NFT collects, uses, maintains and shares information collected from users from the https://nichonft.com/ website. This privacy policy applies to the Site, all of the products and services offered by Nicho NFT. Nicho NFTis committed to protecting users' privacy. This Privacy Policy document is a statement that states how We collect, use, maintain and share Users’ data. This Privacy Policy document also states what personal data and information We collect that can be used to identify our Users, and why We collect it. We reserve the right to change our policies at any time without prior notice to our users, but this Document will always feature the most recent version of our Privacy Policy.

1. Personal Information Collected and How We Use It

a. Personal Information collected from Users (Artists)

• User information which can be used to identify our Users (artists), such as email addresses and telephone numbers

• Transaction history, like transaction activity

• Correspondence provided when Users interact with our platform, such as when they contact our support team

b. Personal Information We Collect from Users (Collectors)

In the Nicho NFT platform, we partner with collectors for various purposes, including the purchase of NFT in Nicho NFT, but not limited to providing NFT, as well as other services.

• Identifying information that our collectors may require from our users to continue activities within our platform and ecosystem,

• Claim activity that occurs when Collectors or users use their NFT to claim products or services provided by Users.

2. Why We Collect Personal Information We collect Personal Information for the following reasons:

a. To carry out marketing and promotional activities on our platform

b. To send information regarding our marketing and promotional activities, and other notifications to users via email

c. To carry out operations involving claims of our platform's products and services

3. Disclosure of Personal Information

We do not sell, trade or rent User's Personal Information to anyone, because we take our users' privacy and the confidentiality of users' Personal Information seriously, we will not share their Personal Information with any party except for the following purposes.

a. Service providers who engage with us in providing their services for business, commercial and commercial purposes. If disclosure of this information occurs, we will ask for permission in advance from the User, and the sharing of the User's Personal Information is strictly limited to the needs necessary to provide their services. All Personal Information will be kept by us without allowing other parties to have control over users' Personal Information. We also prohibit other parties from sharing the Personal Information of our users for any other purpose.

b. Law enforcement if we are obligated to share our users' Personal Information to comply with laws and regulations.

4. How we protect personal information

We implement the collection, storage and processing of user data according to the data entered by users, and we implement security measures to protect data from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of Personal Information, usernames, passwords, transactional activities, and other data information stored on our Site.

5. Your Acceptance of These Terms

By using our platform at https://NichoNFT.com/, you accept and agree to these policies and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of our Site following the announcement of this policy change will be deemed your acceptance of the change.

6. Contact us

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, this site, or your activity with this Site, please contact us at admin@nichonft.com
